MON-2904: add nodeExporter.collectors.buddyinfo settings. (#1891)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/api.md

| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| cpufreq | [NodeExporterCollectorCpufreqConfig](#nodeexportercollectorcpufreqconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `cpufreq` collector, which collects CPU frequency statistics. Disabled by default. |
| tcpstat | [NodeExporterCollectorTcpStatConfig](#nodeexportercollectortcpstatconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `tcpstat` collector, which collects TCP connection statistics. Disabled by default. |

> | buddyinfo | [NodeExporterCollectorBuddyInfoConfig](#nodeexportercollectorbuddyinfoconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `buddyinfo` collector, which collects memory fragments statistics. Disabled by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| buddyinfo | [NodeExporterCollectorBuddyInfoConfig](#nodeexportercollectorbuddyinfoconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `buddyinfo` collector, which collects statistics about memory fragmentation. Disabled by default. |
```
- Not sure if `fragmentation` is technically the same as `fragments`. If not, then edit to say `statistics about memory fragments`

| cpufreq | [NodeExporterCollectorCpufreqConfig](#nodeexportercollectorcpufreqconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `cpufreq` collector, which collects CPU frequency statistics. Disabled by default. |
| tcpstat | [NodeExporterCollectorTcpStatConfig](#nodeexportercollectortcpstatconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `tcpstat` collector, which collects TCP connection statistics. Disabled by default. |
| netdev | [NodeExporterCollectorNetDevConfig](#nodeexportercollectornetdevconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `netdev` collector, which collects network devices statistics. Enabled by default. |

> | buddyinfo | [NodeExporterCollectorBuddyInfoConfig](#nodeexportercollectorbuddyinfoconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `buddyinfo` collector, which collects statistics about memory fragmentation. Disabled by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| buddyinfo | [NodeExporterCollectorBuddyInfoConfig](#nodeexportercollectorbuddyinfoconfig) | Defines the configuration of the `buddyinfo` collector, which collects statistics about memory fragmentation from the `node_buddyinfo_blocks` metric. This metric collects data from `/proc/buddyinfo`. Disabled by default. |
```
